{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green19\blue169;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c16863\c72157;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12700 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 1.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nirvana"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nirvana}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Smells_Like_Teen_Spirit"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Smells Like Teen Spirit}}; 2.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Joy_Division"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Joy Division}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Love_Will_Tear_Us_Apart"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Love Will Tear Us Apart}}; 3.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Donna_Summer"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Donna Summer}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/I_Feel_Love"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I Feel Love}}; 4.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Smiths"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Smiths}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/How_Soon_Is_Now%3F"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 How Soon Is Now?}}; 5.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Strokes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Strokes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Last_Night&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Last Night}}; 6.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pulp"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pulp}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Common_People"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Common People}}; 7.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Arctic_Monkeys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Arctic Monkeys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=I_Bet_You_Look_Good_on_the_Dancefloor&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt I Bet You Look Good on the Dancefloor}}; 8.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/New_Order"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 New Order}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blue_Monday"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blue Monday}}; 9.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Ronettes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Ronettes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Be_My_Baby"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Be My Baby}}; 10.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beach_Boys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beach Boys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Good_Vibrations"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Good Vibrations}}; 11.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Eleanor_Rigby"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Eleanor Rigby}}; 12.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Smiths"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Smiths}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=There_Is_a_Light_That_Never_Goes_Out&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt There Is a Light That Never Goes Out}}; 13.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oasis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oasis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Live_Forever&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Live Forever}}; 14.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beach_Boys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beach Boys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/God_Only_Knows"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 God Only Knows}}; 15.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=%E2%80%9CHeroes%E2%80%9D&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt \'93Heroes\'94}}; 16.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_White_Stripes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The White Stripes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Seven_Nation_Army"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Seven Nation Army}}; 17.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/A_Day_in_the_Life"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 A Day in the Life}}; 18.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Outkast"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Outkast}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hey_Ya%21"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hey Ya!}}; 19.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blondie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blondie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Heart_of_Glass"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Heart of Glass}}; 20.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Girls_%26_Boys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Girls & Boys}}; 21.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Specials"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Specials}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ghost_Town"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ghost Town}}; 22.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_La%27s&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The La's}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=There_She_Goes&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt There She Goes}}; 23.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Kinks"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Kinks}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Waterloo_Sunset"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Waterloo Sunset}}; 24.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bob_Dylan"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bob Dylan}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hurricane"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hurricane}}; 25.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Arcade_Fire"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Arcade Fire}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Wake_Up&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Wake Up}}; 26.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/LCD_Soundsystem"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 LCD Soundsystem}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Losing_My_Edge"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Losing My Edge}}; 27.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sex_Pistols"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sex Pistols}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/God_Save_the_Queen"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 God Save the Queen}}; 28.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Libertines"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Libertines}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Time_for_Heroes&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Time for Heroes}}; 29.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Rolling_Stones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Rolling Stones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Gimme_Shelter"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gimme Shelter}}; 30.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Talking_Heads"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Talking Heads}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Once_in_a_Lifetime&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Once in a Lifetime}}; 31.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Stone_Roses"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Stone Roses}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Fools_Gold"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Fools Gold}}; 32.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Clash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Clash}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/London_Calling"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 London Calling}}; 33.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Suede"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Suede}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Animal_Nitrate&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Animal Nitrate}}; 34.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Life_On_Mars%3F&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Life On Mars?}}; 35.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Strawberry_Fields_Forever"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Strawberry Fields Forever}}; 36.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oasis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oasis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Wonderwall"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Wonderwall}}; 37.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ike_and_Tina_Turner"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ike and Tina Turner}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/River_Deep_Mountain_High"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 River Deep Mountain High}}; 38.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sinead_O%27_Connor"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sinead O' Connor}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nothing_Compares_2_U"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nothing Compares 2 U}}; 39.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Yeah_Yeah_Yeahs"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Yeah Yeah Yeahs}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Maps"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Maps}}; 40.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Jay-Z"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Jay-Z}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/99_Problems"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 99 Problems}}; 41.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Amy_Winehouse"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Amy Winehouse}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Back_to_Black"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Back to Black}}; 42.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Universal&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Universal}}; 43.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Manic_Street_Preachers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Manic Street Preachers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=A_Design_for_Life&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt A Design for Life}}; 44.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pixies"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pixies}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Debaser"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Debaser}}; 45.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Radiohead"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Radiohead}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Paranoid_Android&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Paranoid Android}}; 46.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Marvin_Gaye"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Marvin Gaye}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/I_Heard_It_Through_the_Grapevine"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I Heard It Through the Grapevine}}; 47.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Madonna"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Madonna}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Like_a_Prayer"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Like a Prayer}}; 48.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Cure"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Cure}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Boys_Don%27t_Cry"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Boys Don't Cry}}; 49.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bob_Dylan"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bob Dylan}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Like_a_Rolling_Stone"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Like a Rolling Stone}}; 50.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Lou_Reed"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Lou Reed}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Walk_on_the_Wild_Side"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Walk on the Wild Side}}; 51.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Ashes_to_Ashes&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Ashes to Ashes}}; 52.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Daft_Punk"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Daft Punk}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/One_More_Time"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 One More Time}}; 53.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Mia"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Mia}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Paper_Plane&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Paper Plane}}; 54.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bruce_Springsteen"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bruce Springsteen}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Born_to_Run"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Born to Run}}; 55.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kraftwerk"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kraftwerk}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Model"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Model}}; 56.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Beastie_Boys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Beastie Boys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sabotage"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sabotage}}; 57.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Michael_Jackson"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Michael Jackson}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Billie_Jean"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Billie Jean}}; 58.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Elvis_Presley"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Elvis Presley}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Suspicious_Minds"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Suspicious Minds}}; 59.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Primal_Scream"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Primal Scream}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Loaded"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Loaded}}; 60.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pulp"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pulp}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Babies"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Babies}}; 61.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/New_Order"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 New Order}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=True_Faith&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt True Faith}}; 62.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Young_Americans"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Young Americans}}; 63.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Massive_Attack"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Massive Attack}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Unfinished_Sympathy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Unfinished Sympathy}}; 64.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Smiths"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Smiths}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/This_Charming_Man"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 This Charming Man}}; 65.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ben_E_King"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ben E King}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Stand_By_Me"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Stand By Me}}; 66.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/NWA"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 NWA}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Straight_Outta_Compton"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Straight Outta Compton}}; 67.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oasis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oasis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Cigarettes_%26_Alcohol&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Cigarettes & Alcohol}}; 68.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blackbird"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blackbird}}; 69.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Clash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Clash}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/%28White_Man%29_in_Hammersmith_Palais"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 (White Man) in Hammersmith Palais}}; 70.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Who"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Who}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/My_Generation"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 My Generation}}; 71.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Buzzcocks"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Buzzcocks}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ever_Fallen_in_Love_%28With_Someone_You_Shouldn%27t%29"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ever Fallen in Love (With Someone You Shouldn't)}}; 72.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Velvet_Underground"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Velvet Underground}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Venus_in_Furs"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Venus in Furs}}; 73.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/PJ_Harvey"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 PJ Harvey}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Sheela-Na-Gig_%28song%29&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Sheela-Na-Gig}}; 74.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Franz_Ferdinand"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Franz Ferdinand}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Take_Me_Out&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Take Me Out}}; 75.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Streets"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Streets}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Dry_Your_Eyes&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Dry Your Eyes}}; 76.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kate_Bush"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kate Bush}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Wuthering_Heights"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Wuthering Heights}}; 77.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hey_Jude"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hey Jude}}; 78.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nick_Cave_%26_the_Bad_Seeds"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nick Cave & the Bad Seeds}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Into_My_Arms&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Into My Arms}}; 79.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_White_Stripes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The White Stripes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Fell_in_Love_With_a_Girl&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Fell in Love With a Girl}}; 80.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Taxman"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Taxman}}; 81.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Jay-Z"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Jay-Z}}\'a0&\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kanye_West"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kanye West}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Niggas_in_Paris&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Niggas in Paris}}; 82.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Beyonce"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Beyonce}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Crazy_in_Love"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Crazy in Love}}; 83.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Clash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Clash}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Complete_Control"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Complete Control}}; 84.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sex_Pistols"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sex Pistols}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Anarchy_in_the_UK"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Anarchy in the UK}}; 85.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Morrissey"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Morrissey}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Everyday_Is_Like_Sunday&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Everyday Is Like Sunday}}; 86.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Missy_Elliott"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Missy Elliott}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Get_Yr_Freak_On"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Get Yr Freak On}}; 87.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Lana_Del_Rey"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Lana Del Rey}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Video_Games"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Video Games}}; 88.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Eminem"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Eminem}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Lose_Yourself&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Lose Yourself}}; 89.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Jeff_Buckley"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Jeff Buckley}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hallelujah"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hallelujah}}; 90.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/MGMT"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 MGMT}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Time_to_Pretend&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Time to Pretend}}; 91.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/LCD_Soundsystem"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 LCD Soundsystem}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=All_My_Friends&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt All My Friends}}; 92.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Britney_Spears"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Britney Spears}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Toxic"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Toxic}}; 93.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kanye_West"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kanye West}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Gold_Digger"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gold Digger}}; 94.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Flaming_Lips"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Flaming Lips}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Do_You_Realize%3F%3F&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Do You Realize??}}; 95.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Public_Enemy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Public Enemy}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Fight_the_Power"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Fight the Power}}; 96.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Libertines"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Libertines}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=What_a_Waster&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt What a Waster}}; 97.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Grandmaster_Flash_%26_the_Furious_Five"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Grandmaster Flash & the Furious Five}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Message"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Message}}; 98.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Rage_Against_the_Machine"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Rage Against the Machine}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Killing_in_the_Name&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Killing in the Name}}; 99.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Queens_of_the_Stone_Age"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Queens of the Stone Age}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=No_One_Knows&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt No One Knows}}; 100.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Stone_Roses"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Stone Roses}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=I_Am_the_Resurrection&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt I Am the Resurrection}}; 101.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/R.E.M."}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 R.E.M.}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Loosing_My_Religion&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Loosing My Religion}}; 102.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Manic_Street_Preachers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Manic Street Preachers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Motorcycle_Emptiness&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Motorcycle Emptiness}}; 103.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Stevie_Wonder"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Stevie Wonder}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Superstition"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Superstition}}; 104.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Suede"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Suede}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Drowners&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Drowners}}; 105.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Song_2"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Song 2}}; 106.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oasis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oasis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Don%27t_Look_Back_in_Anger&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Don't Look Back in Anger}}; 107.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Rapture"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Rapture}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/House_of_Jealous_Lovers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 House of Jealous Lovers}}; 108.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kate_Bush"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kate Bush}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Running_Up_That_Hill"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Running Up That Hill}}; 109.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Gossip"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gossip}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Standing_in_the_Way_of_Control&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Standing in the Way of Control}}; 110.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Super_Furry_Animals"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Super Furry Animals}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Ice_Hocky_Hair&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Ice Hocky Hair}}; 111.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Fontella_Bass"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Fontella Bass}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Rescue_Me"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Rescue Me}}; 112.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oasis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oasis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Supersonic"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Supersonic}}; 113.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Prince"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Prince}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/When_Doves_Cry"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 When Doves Cry}}; 114.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Happy_Mondays"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Happy Mondays}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Step_On"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Step On}}; 115.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Verve"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Verve}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bitter_Sweet_Symphony"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bitter Sweet Symphony}}; 116.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Killers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Killers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Mr_Brightside&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Mr Brightside}}; 117.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Dexys_Midnight_Runners"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Dexys Midnight Runners}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Geno&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Geno}}; 118.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Strokes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Strokes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Someday&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Someday}}; 119.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Stone_Roses"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Stone Roses}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Waterfall"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Waterfall}}; 120.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Roxy_Music"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Roxy Music}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Virginia_Plane&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Virginia Plane}}; 121.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hole"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hole}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Celebrity_Skin&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Celebrity Skin}}; 122.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_White_Stripes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The White Stripes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Hotel_Yorba&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Hotel Yorba}}; 123.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Prince"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Prince}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Purple_Rain"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Purple Rain}}; 124.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Undertones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Undertones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Teenage_Kicks"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Teenage Kicks}}; 125.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pulp"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pulp}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Disco_2000&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Disco 2000}}; 126.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jesus_and_Mary_Chain"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jesus and Mary Chain}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Just_Like_Honey&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Just Like Honey}}; 127.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Warren_G"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Warren G}}\'a0- &\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nate_Dogg"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nate Dogg}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Regulate"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Regulate}}; 128.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jam"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jam}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Eaton_Rifles&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Eaton Rifles}}; 129.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sam_Cooke"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sam Cooke}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/A_Change_Is_Gonna_Come"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 A Change Is Gonna Come}}; 130.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Glen_Campbell"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Glen Campbell}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Wichita_Lineman&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Wichita Lineman}}; 131.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Rolling_Stones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Rolling Stones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Jumpin%27_Jack_Flash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Jumpin' Jack Flash}}; 132.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sex_Pistols"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sex Pistols}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pretty_Vacant"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pretty Vacant}}; 133.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pixies"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pixies}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Gigantic"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gigantic}}; 134.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hot_Chip"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hot Chip}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Over_and_Over"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Over and Over}}; 135.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Charlatans"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Charlatans}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Only_One_I_Know&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Only One I Know}}; 136.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Rolling_Stones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Rolling Stones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Paint_It_Black"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Paint It Black}}; 137.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Cribs&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Cribs}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Man%27s_Needs&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Man's Needs}}; 138.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kanye_West"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kanye West}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Monster"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Monster}}; 139.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bob_Marley"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bob Marley}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/No_Woman_No_Cry"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 No Woman No Cry}}; 140.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Aphex_Twin"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Aphex Twin}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Windowlicker"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Windowlicker}}; 141.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Love"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Love}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Alone_Again_Or"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Alone Again Or}}; 142.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Radiohead"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Radiohead}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Creep"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Creep}}; 143.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Hello_Goodbye&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Hello Goodbye}}; 144.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blondie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blondie}}\'a0-\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Atomic"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Atomic}}; 145.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Lee_Hazlewood"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Lee Hazlewood}}\'a0&\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nancy_Sinatra"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nancy Sinatra}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Some_Velvet_Morning"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Some Velvet Morning}}; 146.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/My_Bloody_Valentine"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 My Bloody Valentine}}\'a0-\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Soon&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Soon}}; 147.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/John_Lennon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 John Lennon}}\'a0-\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)#9_Dream"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #9 Dream}}; 148.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pet_Shop_Boys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pet Shop Boys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/West_End_Girls"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 West End Girls}}; 149.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Mott_the_Hoople"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Mott the Hoople}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=All_the_Young_Dudes&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt All the Young Dudes}}; 150.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Otis_Redding"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Otis Redding}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/%28Sittin%27_On%29_the_Dock_of_the_Bay"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 (Sittin' On) the Dock of the Bay}}; 151.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Eric_B_%26_Rakim"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Eric B & Rakim}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Follow_the_Leader&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Follow the Leader}}; 152.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Martha_Reeves_%26_the_Vandellas"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Martha Reeves & the Vandellas}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Dancing_in_the_Street"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Dancing in the Street}}; 153.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Dinosaur_Jr"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Dinosaur Jr}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Freak_Scene"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Freak Scene}}; 154.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/James_Brown"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 James Brown}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Papa%27s_Got_a_Brand_New_Bag"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Papa's Got a Brand New Bag}}; 155.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Motorhead"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Motorhead}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ace_of_Spades"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ace of Spades}}; 156.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/I_Want_to_Hold_Your_Hand"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I Want to Hold Your Hand}}; 157.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Kingsman"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Kingsman}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Louie_Louie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Louie Louie}}; 158.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Elton_John"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Elton John}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Tiny_Dancer&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Tiny Dancer}}; 159.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jimi_Hendrix_Experience"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jimi Hendrix Experience}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Purple_Haze"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Purple Haze}}; 160.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Joy_Division"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Joy Division}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Transmission"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Transmission}}; 161.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Dusty_Springfield"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Dusty Springfield}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Son_of_a_Preacher_Man"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Son of a Preacher Man}}; 162.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Changes&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Changes}}; 163.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jacksons"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jacksons}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/I_Want_You_Back"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I Want You Back}}; 164.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Dizzee_Rascal"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Dizzee Rascal}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Fix_Up%2C_Look_Sharp&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Fix Up, Look Sharp}}; 165.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Breeders"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Breeders}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Cannonball"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Cannonball}}; 166.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Beastie_Boys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Beastie Boys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/%28You_Gotta%29_Fight_for_Your_Right_to_Party"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 (You Gotta) Fight for Your Right to Party}}; 167.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Paul_McCartney"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Paul McCartney}}\'a0-\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Temporary_Secretary"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Temporary Secretary}}; 168.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bat_for_Lashes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bat for Lashes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Daniel"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Daniel}}; 169.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Booker_T._%26_the_M.G.%27s"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Booker T. & the M.G.'s}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Green_Onions"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Green Onions}}; 170.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Primal_Scream"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Primal Scream}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Higher_Than_the_Sun&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Higher Than the Sun}}; 171.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Vampire_Weekend"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Vampire Weekend}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=A-Punk&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt A-Punk}}; 172.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/LCD_Soundsystem"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 LCD Soundsystem}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Someone_Great&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Someone Great}}; 173.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Public_Enemy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Public Enemy}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Rebel_Without_a_Pause"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Rebel Without a Pause}}; 174.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/McAlmont_%26_Butler"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 McAlmont & Butler}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Yes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Yes}}; 175.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Who"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Who}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Won%27t_Get_Fooled_Again&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Won't Get Fooled Again}}; 176.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Libertines"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Libertines}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Can%27t_Stand_Me_Now&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Can't Stand Me Now}}; 177.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Chuck_Berry"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Chuck Berry}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Roll_Over_Beethoven"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Roll Over Beethoven}}; 178.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Smokey_Robinson_%26_the_Miracles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Smokey Robinson & the Miracles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Tracks_of_My_Tears"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Tracks of My Tears}}; 179.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jesus_and_Mary_Chain"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jesus and Mary Chain}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Never_Understand&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Never Understand}}; 180.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Flamin%27_Groovies"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Flamin' Groovies}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Shake_Some_Action&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Shake Some Action}}; 181.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Wu-Tang_Clan"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Wu-Tang Clan}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Protest_Ya_Neck&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Protest Ya Neck}}; 182.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Who"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Who}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/I_Can_See_for_Miles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I Can See for Miles}}; 183.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Prodigy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Prodigy}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=No_Good_%28Start_the_Dance%29&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt No Good (Start the Dance)}}; 184.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Queen"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Queen}}\'a0&\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Under_Pressure"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Under Pressure}}; 185.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Doves"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Doves}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=There_Goes_the_Fear&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt There Goes the Fear}}; 186.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bob_Dylan"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bob Dylan}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Subterranean_Homesick_Blues"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Subterranean Homesick Blues}}; 187.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Teenage_Fanclub"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Teenage Fanclub}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Concept&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Concept}}; 188.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Arctic_Monkeys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Arctic Monkeys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Mardy_Bum&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Mardy Bum}}; 189.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Libertines"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Libertines}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Don%27t_Look_Back_Into_the_Sun&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Don't Look Back Into the Sun}}; 190.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Primal_Scream"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Primal Scream}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Shoot_Speed/Kill_Light&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Shoot Speed/Kill Light}}; 191.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Martha_%26_the_Vandellas"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Martha & the Vandellas}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nowhere_to_Run"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nowhere to Run}}; 192.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Prince"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Prince}}\'a0-\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sign_o%27_the_Times"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sign o' the Times}}; 193.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0-\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Tender"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Tender}}; 194.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Supergrass"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Supergrass}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Alright&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Alright}}; 195.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Joy_Division"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Joy Division}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Atmosphere"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Atmosphere}}; 196.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Stone_Roses"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Stone Roses}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Made_of_Stone&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Made of Stone}}; 197.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pixies"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pixies}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Monkeys_Gone_to_Heaven"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Monkeys Gone to Heaven}}; 198.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=This_Is_a_Low&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt This Is a Low}}; 199.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Doors"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Doors}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Light_My_Fire"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Light My Fire}}; 200.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pixies"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pixies}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Where_Is_My_Mind%3F"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Where Is My Mind?}}; 201.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Velvet_Underground"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Velvet Underground}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/I%27m_Waiting_for_the_Man"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I'm Waiting for the Man}}; 202.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Marvin_Gaye"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Marvin Gaye}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/What%27s_Going_On"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 What's Going On}}; 203.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Patsy_Kline"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Patsy Kline}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Crazy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Crazy}}; 204.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Pogues"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Pogues}}\'a0&\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kirsty_MacColl"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kirsty MacColl}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Fairytale_of_New_York&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Fairytale of New York}}; 205.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Strokes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Strokes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Reptilla&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Reptilla}}; 206.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/PIL"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 PIL}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Rise"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Rise}}; 207.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Billy_Bragg"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Billy Bragg}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Levi_Stubbs_Tears&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Levi Stubbs Tears}}; 208.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Daft_Punk"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Daft Punk}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Da_Funk"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Da Funk}}; 209.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/John_Lennon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 John Lennon}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Jealous_Guy&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Jealous Guy}}; 210.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Fall"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Fall}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Hit_the_North&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Hit the North}}; 211.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Supremes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Supremes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/You_Keep_Me_Hanging_On"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 You Keep Me Hanging On}}; 212.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/R.E.M."}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 R.E.M.}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Radio_Free_Europe"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Radio Free Europe}}; 213.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pixies"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pixies}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Here_Comes_Your_Man&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Here Comes Your Man}}; 214.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Peter_Gabriel"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Peter Gabriel}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Solsbury_Hill&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Solsbury Hill}}; 215.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nirvana"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nirvana}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Lithium"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Lithium}}; 216.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Orange_Juice"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Orange Juice}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Rip_It_Up"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Rip It Up}}; 217.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Manic_Street_Preachers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Manic Street Preachers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Faster&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Faster}}; 218.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nick_Cave_and_the_Bad_Seeds"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Straight_to_You&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Straight to You}}; 219.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Kinks"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Kinks}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/You_Really_Got_Me"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 You Really Got Me}}; 220.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/End_of_the_Century"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 End of the Century}}; 221.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Simon_and_Garfunkel"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Simon and Garfunkel}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Mrs_Robinson"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Mrs Robinson}}; 222.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Klaxons"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Klaxons}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Golden_Skans&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Golden Skans}}; 223.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Spiritualized"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Spiritualized}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Electricity"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Electricity}}; 224.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Sugarcubes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Sugarcubes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Birthday"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Birthday}}; 225.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/James_Brown"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 James Brown}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Get_Up_%28I_Feel_Like_Being%29_a_Sex_Machine"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Get Up (I Feel Like Being) a Sex Machine}}; 226.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Aretha_Franklin"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Aretha Franklin}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Respect"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Respect}}; 227.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Rolling_Stones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Rolling Stones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sympathy_for_the_Devil"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sympathy for the Devil}}; 228.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/New_Order"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 New Order}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Temptation"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Temptation}}; 229.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Grimes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Grimes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oblivion"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oblivion}}; 230.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Outkast"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Outkast}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ms_Jackson"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ms Jackson}}; 231.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Arctic_Monkeys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Arctic Monkeys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Do_I_Wanna_Know%3F&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Do I Wanna Know?}}; 232.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blue_Oyster_Cult"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blue Oyster Cult}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/%28Don%27t_Fear%29_the_Reaper"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 (Don't Fear) the Reaper}}; 233.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/T_Rex"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 T Rex}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Get_It_On"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Get It On}}; 234.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Talking_Heads"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Talking Heads}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Psycho_Killer"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Psycho Killer}}; 235.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Elvis_Presley"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Elvis Presley}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Jailhouse_Rock&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Jailhouse Rock}}; 236.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Cure"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Cure}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=In_Between_Days&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt In Between Days}}; 237.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ramones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ramones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blitzkrieg_Bop"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blitzkrieg Bop}}; 238.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nick_Cave_and_the_Bad_Seeds"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Tupelo&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Tupelo}}; 239.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oasis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oasis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Whatever"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Whatever}}; 240.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pet_Shop_Boys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pet Shop Boys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Rent"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Rent}}; 241.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Portishead"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Portishead}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sour_Times"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sour Times}}; 242.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/PIL"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 PIL}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Public_Image"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Public Image}}; 243.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Beta_Band&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Beta Band}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Dry_the_Rain&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Dry the Rain}}; 244.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Manic_Street_Preachers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Manic Street Preachers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Motown_Junk&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Motown Junk}}; 245.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Babyshambles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Babyshambles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Fuck_Forever&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Fuck Forever}}; 246.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jimi_Hendrix_Experience"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jimi Hendrix Experience}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Voodoo_Child_%28Slight_Return%29"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Voodoo Child (Slight Return)}}; 247.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Beastie_Boys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Beastie Boys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Intergalactic"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Intergalactic}}; 248.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Animal_Collective"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Animal Collective}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=My_Girls&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt My Girls}}; 249.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Air"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Air}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Sexy_Boy&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Sexy Boy}}; 250.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Space_Oddity"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Space Oddity}}; 251.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Elvis_Costello_%26_the_Attractions"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Elvis Costello & the Attractions}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Oliver%27s_Army&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Oliver's Army}}; 252.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Dr_Dre"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Dr Dre}}\'a0feat.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Snoop_Dogg"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Snoop Dogg}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Still_Dre&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Still Dre}}; 253.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Dexys_Midnight_Runners"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Dexys Midnight Runners}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Come_On_Eileen&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Come On Eileen}}; 254.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pulp"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pulp}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=This_Is_Hardcore&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt This Is Hardcore}}; 255.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ol%27_Dirty_Bastard"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ol' Dirty Bastard}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Got_Your_Money"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Got Your Money}}; 256.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Horrors"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Horrors}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Sea_Within_a_Sea&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Sea Within a Sea}}; 257.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Queens_of_the_Stone_Age"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Queens of the Stone Age}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Feel_Good_Hit_of_the_Summer&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Feel Good Hit of the Summer}}; 258.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Run-DMC"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Run-DMC}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Walk_This_Way"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Walk This Way}}; 259.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/TLC"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 TLC}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Waterfalls"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Waterfalls}}; 260.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Beck"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Beck}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Sexx_Laws&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Sexx Laws}}; 261.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Underworld"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Underworld}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Born_Slippy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Born Slippy}}; 262.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Stardust"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Stardust}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Music_Sounds_Better_With_You"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Music Sounds Better With You}}; 263.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Elvis_Presley"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Elvis Presley}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hound_Dog"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hound Dog}}; 264.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Paperback_Writer"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Paperback Writer}}; 265.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Jay-Z"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Jay-Z}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Empire_State_of_Mind"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Empire State of Mind}}; 266.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jacksons"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jacksons}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Shake_Your_Body_%28Down_to_the_Ground%29"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground)}}; 267.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Suede"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Suede}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Trash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Trash}}; 268.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Saint_Etienne"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Saint Etienne}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Only_Love_Can_Break_Your_Heart"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Only Love Can Break Your Heart}}; 269.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Lou_Reed"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Lou Reed}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Perfect_Day"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Perfect Day}}; 270.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/George_Harrison"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 George Harrison}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/My_Sweet_Lord"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 My Sweet Lord}}; 271.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Manic_Street_Preachers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Manic Street Preachers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=You_Love_Us&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt You Love Us}}; 272.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Happy_Mondays"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Happy Mondays}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hallelujah"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hallelujah}}; 273.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ride"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ride}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Leave_Them_All_Behind&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Leave Them All Behind}}; 274.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Four_Tops"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Four Tops}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Reach_Out_and_I%27ll_Be_There"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Reach Out and I'll Be There}}; 275.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Orb"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Orb}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Little_Fluffy_Clouds"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Little Fluffy Clouds}}; 276.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Eminem"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Eminem}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/My_Name_Is"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 My Name Is}}; 277.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bob_Dylan"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bob Dylan}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Tangled_Up_in_Blue&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Tangled Up in Blue}}; 278.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kate_Bush"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kate Bush}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hounds_of_Love"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hounds of Love}}; 279.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pixies"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pixies}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Velouria&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Velouria}}; 280.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/She_Loves_You"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 She Loves You}}; 281.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Elbow"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Elbow}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=One_Day_Like_This&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt One Day Like This}}; 282.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Elastica&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Elastica}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Connection"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Connection}}; 283.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Smiths"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Smiths}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Bigmouth_Strikes_Again&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Bigmouth Strikes Again}}; 284.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Supergrass"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Supergrass}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Caught_By_the_Fuzz&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Caught By the Fuzz}}; 285.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Crystal_Castles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Crystal Castles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Crimewave&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Crimewave}}; 286.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Wings"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Wings}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Band_on_the_Run"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Band on the Run}}; 287.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Daft_Punk"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Daft Punk}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Get_Lucky"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Get Lucky}}; 288.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/James_Brown"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 James Brown}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/It%27s_a_Man%27s_Man%27s_Man%27s_World"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 It's a Man's Man's Man's World}}; 289.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Arcade_Fire"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Arcade Fire}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Rebellion_%28Lies%29&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Rebellion (Lies)}}; 290.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Glasvegas"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Glasvegas}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Daddy%27s_Gone&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Daddy's Gone}}; 291.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Robert_Wyatt"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Robert Wyatt}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Shipbuilding"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Shipbuilding}}; 292.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Electric_Light_Orchestra"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Electric Light Orchestra}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Mr_Blue_Sky"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Mr Blue Sky}}; 293.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Wolfman&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Wolfman}}\'a0feat.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Peter_Doherty"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Peter Doherty}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=For_Lovers&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt For Lovers}}; 294.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sly_and_the_Family_Stone"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sly and the Family Stone}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Family_Affair&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Family Affair}}; 295.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Fashion"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Fashion}}; 296.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/PJ_Harvey"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 PJ Harvey}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Words_That_Maketh_Murder&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Words That Maketh Murder}}; 297.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Rolling_Stones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Rolling Stones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/You_Can%27t_Always_Get_What_You_Want"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 You Can't Always Get What You Want}}; 298.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/House_of_Pain"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 House of Pain}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Jump_Around"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Jump Around}}; 299.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Primitives"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Primitives}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Crash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Crash}}; 300.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/T_Rex"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 T Rex}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=20th_Century_Boy&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt 20th Century Boy}}; 301.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/D%C3%A9p%C3%AAche_Mode"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 D\'e9p\'eache Mode}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Enjoy_the_Silence&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Enjoy the Silence}}; 302.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Radiohead"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Radiohead}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Fake_Plastic_Trees&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Fake Plastic Trees}}; 303.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Leonard_Cohen"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Leonard Cohen}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Suzanne"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Suzanne}}; 304.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Something"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Something}}; 305.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Gloria_Jones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gloria Jones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Tainted_Love"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Tainted Love}}; 306.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Beetlebum&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Beetlebum}}; 307.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jam"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jam}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Going_Underground&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Going Underground}}; 308.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Foals"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Foals}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Spanish_Sahara&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Spanish Sahara}}; 309.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Wire"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Wire}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Outdoor_Miner&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Outdoor Miner}}; 310.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Temptations"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Temptations}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Papa_Was_a_Rolling_Stone"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Papa Was a Rolling Stone}}; 311.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Ticket_to_Ride&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Ticket to Ride}}; 312.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Verve"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Verve}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/History"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 History}}; 313.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Prince"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Prince}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/1999"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 1999}}; 314.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/MC5"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 MC5}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kick_Out_the_Jams"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kick Out the Jams}}; 315.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Jimi_Hendrix"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Jimi Hendrix}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/All_Along_the_Watchtower"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 All Along the Watchtower}}; 316.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pavement"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pavement}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Here"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Here}}; 317.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Yeah_Yeah_Yeahs"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Yeah Yeah Yeahs}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Zero"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Zero}}; 318.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Johnny_Cash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Johnny Cash}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ring_of_Fire"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ring of Fire}}; 319.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Funkadelic"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Funkadelic}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/One_Nation_Under_a_Groove"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 One Nation Under a Groove}}; 320.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Cornershop&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Cornershop}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Brimful_of_Asha&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Brimful of Asha}}; 321.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Small_Faces"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Small Faces}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Itchycoo_Park"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Itchycoo Park}}; 322.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bjork"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bjork}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Big_Time_Sensuality&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Big Time Sensuality}}; 323.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/D%C3%A9p%C3%AAche_Mode"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 D\'e9p\'eache Mode}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Personal_Jesus"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Personal Jesus}}; 324.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/House_of_Love"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 House of Love}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Destroy_the_Heart&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Destroy the Heart}}; 325.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Billy_Holiday"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Billy Holiday}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Strange_Fruit"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Strange Fruit}}; 326.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Marvin_Gaye"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Marvin Gaye}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sexual_Healing"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sexual Healing}}; 327.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Michael_Jackson"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Michael Jackson}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Man_in_the_Mirror&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Man in the Mirror}}; 328.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Wedding_Present"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Wedding Present}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=My_Favourite_Dress&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt My Favourite Dress}}; 329.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Foals"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Foals}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Two_Steps%2C_Twice&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Two Steps, Twice}}; 330.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Eels"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Eels}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Novocaine_for_the_Soul&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Novocaine for the Soul}}; 331.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Massive_Attack"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Massive Attack}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Karmacoma&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Karmacoma}}; 332.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Buddy_Holly"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Buddy Holly}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Rave_On"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Rave On}}; 333.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pet_Shop_Boys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pet Shop Boys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Go_West&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Go West}}; 334.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Stone_Roses"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Stone Roses}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=She_Bangs_the_Drums&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt She Bangs the Drums}}; 335.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Super_Furry_Animals"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Super Furry Animals}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Man_Don%27t_Give_a_Fuck&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Man Don't Give a Fuck}}; 336.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Come_Together"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Come Together}}; 337.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Kinks"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Kinks}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=All_Day_and_All_of_the_Night&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt All Day and All of the Night}}; 338.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Gorillaz"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gorillaz}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Dare"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Dare}}; 339.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Patti_Smith"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Patti Smith}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Because_the_Night"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Because the Night}}; 340.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Eminem"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Eminem}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Stan"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Stan}}; 341.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kelis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kelis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Caught_Out_There"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Caught Out There}}; 342.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kasabian"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kasabian}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Club_Foot&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Club Foot}}; 343.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Mamas_and_the_Papas"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Mamas and the Papas}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/California_Dreaming"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 California Dreaming}}; 344.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kanye_West"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kanye West}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Runaway"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Runaway}}; 345.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Arctic_Monkeys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Arctic Monkeys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Fluorescent_Adolescent&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Fluorescent Adolescent}}; 346.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Yazoo"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Yazoo}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Only_You"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Only You}}; 347.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Gorillaz"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gorillaz}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Clint_Eastwood"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Clint Eastwood}}; 348.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Byrds"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Byrds}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Eight_Miles_High"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Eight Miles High}}; 349.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/D%C3%A9p%C3%AAche_Mode"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 D\'e9p\'eache Mode}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Just_Can%27t_Get_Enough"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Just Can't Get Enough}}; 350.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Amy_Winehouse"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Amy Winehouse}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Rehab"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Rehab}}; 351.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Modest_Mouse&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Modest Mouse}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Float_On"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Float On}}; 352.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Simon_and_Garfunkel"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Simon and Garfunkel}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Cecilia&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Cecilia}}; 353.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Chemical_Brothers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Chemical Brothers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Hey_Boy_Hey_Girl&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Hey Boy Hey Girl}}; 354.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Beck"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Beck}}\'a0-\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Loser"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Loser}}; 355.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kelis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kelis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Millionaire"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Millionaire}}; 356.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Cure"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Cure}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Close_to_Me"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Close to Me}}; 357.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Walker_Brothers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Walker Brothers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Sun_Ain%27t_Gonna_Shine_Any_More"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Any More}}; 358.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ian_Dury_and_the_Blockheads"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ian Dury and the Blockheads}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sex_and_Drugs_and_Rock_and_Roll"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sex and Drugs and Rock and Roll}}; 359.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=For_Tomorrow&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt For Tomorrow}}; 360.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Cure"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Cure}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Pictures_of_You&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Pictures of You}}; 361.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Eric_B_%26_Rakim"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Eric B & Rakim}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Paid_in_Full"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Paid in Full}}; 362.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Metallica"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Metallica}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Enter_Sandman&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Enter Sandman}}; 363.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Credence_Clearwater_Revival"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Credence Clearwater Revival}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Bad_Moon_Rising&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Bad Moon Rising}}; 364.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Suede"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Suede}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Killing_of_a_Flash_Boy&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Killing of a Flash Boy}}; 365.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sonic_Youth"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sonic Youth}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Teen_Age_Riot&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Teen Age Riot}}; 366.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Cure"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Cure}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Friday_I%27m_in_Love&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Friday I'm in Love}}; 367.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/A_Guy_Called_Gerald"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 A Guy Called Gerald}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Voodoo_Ray"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Voodoo Ray}}; 368.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/My_Bloody_Valentine"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 My Bloody Valentine}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=You_Made_Me_Realise&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt You Made Me Realise}}; 369.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oasis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oasis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Half_a_World_Away&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Half a World Away}}; 370.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Suede"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Suede}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Wild_Ones&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Wild Ones}}; 371.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bjork"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bjork}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hyperballad"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hyperballad}}; 372.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Public_Enemy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Public Enemy}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Don%27t_Believe_the_Hype"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Don't Believe the Hype}}; 373.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Arctic_Monkeys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Arctic Monkeys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Brainstorm"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Brainstorm}}; 374.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Human_League"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Human League}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Love_Action_%28I_Believe_In%29&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Love Action (I Believe In)}}; 375.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Michael_Jackson"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Michael Jackson}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Don%27t_Stop_%27Till_You_Get_Enough"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Don't Stop 'Till You Get Enough}}; 376.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Jonathan_Richman"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Jonathan Richman}}\'a0& the Modern Lovers \'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Roadrunner_%28Jonathan_Richman_song%29"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Roadrunner}}; 377.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Elton_John"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Elton John}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Bennie_and_the_Jets&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Bennie and the Jets}}; 378.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nick_Cave"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nick Cave}}\'a0&\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kylie_Minogue"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kylie Minogue}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Where_the_Wild_Roses_Grow&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Where the Wild Roses Grow}}; 379.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Byrds"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Byrds}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/I%27ll_Feel_a_Whole_Lot_Better"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I'll Feel a Whole Lot Better}}; 380.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Arctic_Monkeys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Arctic Monkeys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Piledriver_Waltz&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Piledriver Waltz}}; 381.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/MGMT"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 MGMT}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kids"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kids}}; 382.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=While_My_Guitar_Gently_Weeps&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt While My Guitar Gently Weeps}}; 383.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/N%2AE%2AR%2AD"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 N*E*R*D}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Lapdance"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Lapdance}}; 384.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Slits"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Slits}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Typical_Girls&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Typical Girls}}; 385.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oasis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oasis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Champagne_Supernoa&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Champagne Supernoa}}; 386.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pavement"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pavement}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Cut_Your_Hair&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Cut Your Hair}}; 387.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Roy_Orbison"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Roy Orbison}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oh_Pretty_Woman"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oh Pretty Woman}}; 388.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Smiths"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Smiths}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Boy_With_the_Thorn_in_His_Side&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Boy With the Thorn in His Side}}; 389.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=There%27s_No_Other_Way&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt There's No Other Way}}; 390.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Paul_Simon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Paul Simon}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Me_%26_Julio_Down_in_the_School_Yard&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Me & Julio Down in the School Yard}}; 391.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Black_Sabbath"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Black Sabbath}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Paranoid"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Paranoid}}; 392.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Chaka_Khan"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Chaka Khan}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/I_Feel_for_You"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I Feel for You}}; 393.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=To_the_End&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt To the End}}; 394.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Stranglers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Stranglers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=No_More_Heroes&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt No More Heroes}}; 395.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Jamie_T&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Jamie T}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sheila"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sheila}}; 396.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Eminem"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Eminem}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Real_Slim_Shady"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Real Slim Shady}}; 397.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nick_Cave_and_the_Bad_Seeds"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Mercy_Seat"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Mercy Seat}}; 398.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Regina_Spektor"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Regina Spektor}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Us"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Us}}; 399.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oasis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oasis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Slide_Away&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Slide Away}}; 400.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Foo_Fighters"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Foo Fighters}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Learn_to_Fly&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Learn to Fly}}; 401.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Disposable_Heroes_of_Hiphoprisy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Television%2C_the_Drug_of_the_Nation"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Television, the Drug of the Nation}}; 402.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Thin_Lizzy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Thin Lizzy}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Boys_Are_Back_in_Town&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Boys Are Back in Town}}; 403.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Black_Grape"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Black Grape}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Reverend_Black_Grape&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Reverend Black Grape}}; 404.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/U2"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 U2}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Where_the_Streets_Have_No_Name&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Where the Streets Have No Name}}; 405.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Mia"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Mia}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bad_Girls"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bad Girls}}; 406.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Alt-J"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Alt-J}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Breezblocks&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Breezblocks}}; 407.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ramones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ramones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Sheena_Is_a_Punk_Rocker&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Sheena Is a Punk Rocker}}; 408.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Arctic_Monkeys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Arctic Monkeys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Fake_Tales_of_San_Francisco&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Fake Tales of San Francisco}}; 409.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Ronettes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Ronettes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Baby%2C_I_Love_You"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Baby, I Love You}}; 410.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nine_Inch_Nails"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nine Inch Nails}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hurt"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hurt}}; 411.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Fugazi"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Fugazi}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Waiting_Room&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Waiting Room}}; 412.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Friendly_Fires"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Friendly Fires}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Paris"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Paris}}; 413.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Elvis_Costello_%26_the_Attractions"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Elvis Costello & the Attractions}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Watching_the_Detectives&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Watching the Detectives}}; 414.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Only_Ones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Only Ones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Another_Girl%2C_Another_Planet&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Another Girl, Another Planet}}; 415.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Carly_Simon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Carly Simon}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/You%27re_So_Vain"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 You're So Vain}}; 416.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Chemical_World&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Chemical World}}; 417.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Tindersticks"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Tindersticks}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Marbles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Marbles}}; 418.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nirvana"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nirvana}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Come_As_You_Are"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Come As You Are}}; 419.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jam"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jam}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Start%21&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Start!}}; 420.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Coldplay"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Coldplay}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Yellow"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Yellow}}; 421.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Neutral_Milk_Hotel"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Neutral Milk Hotel}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Holland_1945&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Holland 1945}}; 422.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Magnetic_Fields"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Magnetic Fields}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Book_of_Love&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Book of Love}}; 423.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Guns_%27N%27_Roses"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Guns 'N' Roses}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Paradise_City&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Paradise City}}; 424.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/PJ_Harvey"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 PJ Harvey}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Down_By_the_Water&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Down By the Water}}; 425.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Muse"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Muse}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Plug_in_Baby&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Plug in Baby}}; 426.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Tame_Impala"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Tame Impala}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Elephant"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Elephant}}; 427.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Hives"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Hives}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Hate_to_Say_I_Told_You_So&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Hate to Say I Told You So}}; 428.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Golden_Years"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Golden Years}}; 429.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Weezer"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Weezer}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Buddy_Holly"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Buddy Holly}}; 430.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Althea_and_Donna"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Althea and Donna}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Uptown_Top_Ranking"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Uptown Top Ranking}}; 431.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Shirley_and_Company"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Shirley and Company}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Shame_Shame_Shame&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Shame Shame Shame}}; 432.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Verve"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Verve}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Drugs_Don%27t_Work&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Drugs Don't Work}}; 433.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/At_the_Drive-In"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 At the Drive-In}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=One_Armed_Scissor&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt One Armed Scissor}}; 434.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Kinks"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Kinks}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sunny_Afternoon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sunny Afternoon}}; 435.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Arctic_Monkeys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Arctic Monkeys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=R_U_Mine&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt R U Mine}}; 436.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Kings_of_Leon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Kings of Leon}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Bucket&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Bucket}}; 437.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Specials"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Specials}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nelson_Mandela"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nelson Mandela}}; 438.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Madonna"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Madonna}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Material_Girl"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Material Girl}}; 439.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Elvis_Costello"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Elvis Costello}}\'a0-\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Pills_%26_Soap&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Pills & Soap}}; 440.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Beck"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Beck}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Where_It%27s_At&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Where It's At}}; 441.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bobby_Fuller_Four"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bobby Fuller Four}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=I_Fought_the_Law&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt I Fought the Law}}; 442.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Roots_Manuva"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Roots Manuva}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Witness_%281_Hope%29&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Witness (1 Hope)}}; 443.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pulp"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pulp}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Sorted_for_E%27s_%26_Wiz&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Sorted for E's & Wiz}}; 444.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Leftfield"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Leftfield}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Open_Up"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Open Up}}; 445.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Popscene&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Popscene}}; 446.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Rolling_Stones"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Rolling Stones}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Tumbling_Dice&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Tumbling Dice}}; 447.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Pulp"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Pulp}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Do_You_Remember_the_First_Time%3F&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Do You Remember the First Time?}}; 448.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Coldplay"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Coldplay}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=The_Scientist&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt The Scientist}}; 449.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Billy_Bragg"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Billy Bragg}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=A_New_England&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt A New England}}; 450.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beatles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beatles}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/I_Am_the_Walrus"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I Am the Walrus}}; 451.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Chemical_Brothers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Chemical Brothers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Setting_Sun&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Setting Sun}}; 452.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Led_Zeppelin"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Led Zeppelin}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Whole_Lotta_Love"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Whole Lotta Love}}; 453.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jam"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jam}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Town_Called_Malice&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Town Called Malice}}; 454.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Flaming_Lips"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Flaming Lips}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Race_for_the_Prize&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Race for the Prize}}; 455.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blondie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blondie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=One_Way_Or_Another&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt One Way Or Another}}; 456.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Snoop_Doggy_Dog"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Snoop Doggy Dog}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=What%27s_My_Name&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt What's My Name}}; 457.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Prodigy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Prodigy}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Firestarter"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Firestarter}}; 458.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Rihanna"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Rihanna}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Umbrella"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Umbrella}}; 459.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Iggy_Pop"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Iggy Pop}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Lust_for_Life"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Lust for Life}}; 460.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/R.E.M."}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 R.E.M.}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=It%27s_the_End_of_the_World_%28And_I_Feel_Fine%29&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt It's the End of the World (And I Feel Fine)}}; 461.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Wings"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Wings}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Live_and_Let_Die&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Live and Let Die}}; 462.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Vaccines"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Vaccines}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=If_You_Wanna&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt If You Wanna}}; 463.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Gloria_Gaynor"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gloria Gaynor}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/I_Will_Survive"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I Will Survive}}; 464.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nirvana"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nirvana}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=About_a_Girl&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt About a Girl}}; 465.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Mercury_Rev"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Mercury Rev}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Goddess_On_a_Hiway&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Goddess On a Hiway}}; 466.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Salt_%27n%27_Peppa"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Salt 'n' Peppa}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Push_It"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Push It}}; 467.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Teenage_Fanclub"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Teenage Fanclub}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Star_Sign&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Star Sign}}; 468.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Coral"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Coral}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Dreaming_of_You&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Dreaming of You}}; 469.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_National"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The National}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Buzzblood_Ohio&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Buzzblood Ohio}}; 470.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Primal_Scream"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Primal Scream}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Movin%27_On_Up&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Movin' On Up}}; 471.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Guns_%27N%27_Roses"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Guns 'N' Roses}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Sweet_Child_O%27_Mine&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Sweet Child O' Mine}}; 472.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Palma_Violets"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Palma Violets}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Best_of_Friends&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Best of Friends}}; 473.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Kinks"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Kinks}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Lola"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Lola}}; 474.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Smashing_Pumpkins"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Smashing Pumpkins}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Disarm&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Disarm}}; 475.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Crazy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Crazy}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Gnarls_Barkley"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gnarls Barkley}}; 476.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/John_Lennon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 John Lennon}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Imagine"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Imagine}}; 477.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Dr_Dre"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Dr Dre}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Nothin%27_But_a_%27G%27_Thing&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Nothin' But a 'G' Thing}}; 478.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/AC/DC"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 AC/DC}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Highway_to_Hell"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Highway to Hell}}; 479.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Beach_Boys"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Beach Boys}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Wouldn%27t_It_Be_Nice&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Wouldn't It Be Nice}}; 480.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ziggy_Stardust"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ziggy Stardust}}; 481.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Echo_%26_the_Bunnymen"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Echo & the Bunnymen}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Killing_Moon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Killing Moon}}; 482.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Franz_Ferdinand"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Franz Ferdinand}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Darts_of_Pleasure&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Darts of Pleasure}}; 483.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Aphex_Twin"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Aphex Twin}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Come_to_Daddy&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Come to Daddy}}; 484.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Oasis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Oasis}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Some_Might_Say&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Some Might Say}}; 485.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Starman"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Starman}}; 486.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Bobby_Womack"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Bobby Womack}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Across_110th_Street"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Across 110th Street}}; 487.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Morrissey"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Morrissey}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Suedehead&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Suedehead}}; 488.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Stranglers"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Stranglers}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Golden_Brown"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Golden Brown}}; 489.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Nick_Cave_and_the_Bad_Seeds"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Red_Right_Hand"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Red Right Hand}}; 490.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Doors"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Doors}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Riders_on_the_Storm"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Riders on the Storm}}; 491.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Johnny_Cash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Johnny Cash}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/One"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 One}}; 492.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Strokes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Strokes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=New_York_City_Cops&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt New York City Cops}}; 493.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Sugababes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Sugababes}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Overload&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Overload}}; 494.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/R.E.M."}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 R.E.M.}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Everybody_Hurts&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Everybody Hurts}}; 495.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Gorky%27s_Zygotic_Mynci"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Gorky's Zygotic Mynci}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Patio_Song&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Patio Song}}; 496.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/The_Jimi_Hendrix_Experience"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 The Jimi Hendrix Experience}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Hey_Joe"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Hey Joe}}; 497.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Primal_Scream"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Primal Scream}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Kill_All_Hippies&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Kill All Hippies}}; 498.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Ash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Ash}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Girl_From_Mars&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Girl From Mars}}; 499.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/Blur"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Blur}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Out_of_Time&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Out of Time}}; 500.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/David_Bowie"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 David Bowie}}\'a0\'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.artandpopularculture.com/500_Greatest_Songs_of_All_Time_(NME,_2014)?title=Five_Years&action=edit"}}{\fldrslt Five Years}}}